[APM][Python] Clarify 2.x debug tracer behavior for dd-trace-py (#20929)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/troubleshooting/tracer_debug_logs.md

The steps for enabling debug mode in the Datadog Python Tracer depends on the version of the tracer your application is using. Choose the scenario that applies:

### Scenario 1: ddtrace version 2.x and higher

1. To enable debug mode: `DD_TRACE_DEBUG=true`

> 2. To route debug logs to a log file, set `DD_TRACE_LOG_FILE` with a filename that tracer logs should be written to, relative to the current working directory. For example, `DD_TRACE_LOG_FILE=ddtrace_logs.log`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. To route debug logs to a log file, set `DD_TRACE_LOG_FILE` to the filename where tracer logs should be written. This filename is relative to the current working directory. For example, `DD_TRACE_LOG_FILE=ddtrace_logs.log`.
```

>    By default, the file size is 15728640 bytes (about 15MB) and one backup log file is created. To increase the default log file size, specify the size in bytes with the `DD_TRACE_LOG_FILE_SIZE_BYTES` setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   By default, the file size is 15728640 bytes (about 15MB), and one backup log file is created. To increase the default log file size, specify the size in bytes with the `DD_TRACE_LOG_FILE_SIZE_BYTES` setting.
```
